Nate Jacobs was in love.
He didn't know how it happened.
He didn't know why it happened.
But he could just feel it.
And it felt so fucking good.
But it was complicated.
We need
to get him to a hospital.
- He's so heavy.
- Are you good?
- Just open the door. bro.
- It's unlocked. Just open it.
Bring him to the
hospital. Let's go. please.
Open the door!
What was it about Cassie Howard
that allowed Nate to
fully surrender himself?
With Maddy. it
was always a game.
Cassie was the opposite.
He knew he wasn't perfect.
That he had some issues.
But maybe the reason
he had those issues
is because Maddy
brought out the worst in him.
And maybe if he met Cassie
when he was a sophomore
instead of Maddy...
she would've brought
out the best in him.
How could he have
ever overlooked her?
Underestimated her?
She was everything you
could ever want in a woman.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
He knew it was
a little soon to say.
but he could imagine
spending life with her.
I wanna feel you inside of me.
He was at
home... and in love.
She was intuitive and emotional.
She was sensitive
and vulnerable.
She was a strong.
powerful woman.
I don't wanna
weird you out or anything.
but I can imagine
starting a family with you.
Nate began to wonder
if he had brain damage.
Can you hear me?
How would he know?
He knew he could
do a better job than his dad.
He wouldn't fuck his kid up
the way his dad fucked him up.
And the way his granddad
fucked his dad up.
Almighty God. you are the
only source of health and healing.
Does your
dad work out every day?
Except his dad
was such a fuckin' idiot.
He couldn't even control himself.
- I want you to come with my tongue in your ass.
- Ah. fuck.
And had jeopardized
everything their family worked for.
Any soon-to-be-Mamas
wanna take a dip?
Sometimes... he
just wished that his dad
would drop dead
of a heart attack...
and be free of him.
But there's no point in
fantasizing about a life
with Cassie when he knew
that Maddy had that disc.
Fuck!
What if he could
go back to the beginning?
What would he wish?
Where would things go?
Who would he be?
In you. there is calm.
Hey. man.
Nurse! Nurse!
Nurse!
Oh my god!
You fuckin' whore. Slut.
♪ And I've never felt so alone ♪
♪ Felt so alone. na-a-no ♪
♪ Oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ Ah-ah-oh ♪
It was the first day of
school after the new year.
And I finally had everything
I'd ever wished for.
You know you're like a dream?
I didn't know you were
such a romantic. Rue.
What can I say?
Oh. fuck... I completely
forgot he goes to our school.
I love you.
If this asshole says
anything about doing drugs.
I will literally slit his
throat in the quad.
Rue?
Yeah?
I said. "I love you."
- I love you. too.
- You kinda checked out for a second.
Please. God.
do not fuck up my life.
- Yo. Rue.
- Hey.
What's goin' on?
- Hi.
Nothin'.
I'm Jules.
Sorry. this is Jules.
Hey. I'm Elliot.
Nice to meet you.
Sorry. introductions
are. usually. very. um.
overwhelming and...
debilitating for me...
at least.
Uh. so. how do you know Elliot?
We met on New Year's.
Oh shit. yeah.
That was it. New
Year's. That's...
That's where we met.
Jules is my girlfriend.
Wow... I didn't
know you were. um...
In a relationship?
The other thing I
wish I could mention is
I. sort of. spent the last few
days hangin' out with Elliot.
Which was cool 'cause
he makes a ton of money
selling music stems online.
and we bought a bunch of drugs.
Um... it was nice to meet
you. and I'll see you later. Rue.
- Nice to meet you.
- I love you. Bye.
Fuck. Was it just me. or
was that super awkward?
That was awkward.
- Hey. Cass.
- Hey. Jules.
Since winter formal.
Cassie had gone through
a low-grade depression.
When was the
last time you showered?
When are you gonna
clean your side of the room?
Wait. when have
you ever been single?
I was reading
this article on abstinence.
and how not having sex is
like its own spiritual journey.
- Right.
- The writer compared it to how monks take
their vows of silence.
and I really feel like
that's my journey next year.
- Bitch. I don't believe a word you're saying.
- Why?
Because you love to be loved.
Well...
How do I fix that?
I don't know. when
you wanna say yes.
you just say no.
Would you like
a ride to this party?
You wanna go to the bathroom?
You able to do this
and not tell anybody?
Yes.
But she was
drunk. Not super drunk.
But she never would've said yes if
Maddy and Nate were still together.
'Cause that would
be unforgivable.
Maddy was her best friend.
You just get back
from the hospital?
Maddy couldn't sleep.
And if she were being
totally honest with herself.
she wanted to be in that
hospital bed with Nate.
Lexi. where's the
fucking Tylenol?
Is that Nate's
blood on your leg?
Why didn't you wash it off?
Nate sent me the most beautiful
text message this morning.
Really? What he say?
That's so sweet.
Yeah. I know he's
a horrible person.
but I'm kind of torn.
When are you
getting off the phone?
Why do you care?
Because I wanna talk to you.
Hey. Cass. I'm gonna go hang
out with my best friend Theo
and I'll call you later.
Okay. Okay. bye.
Babysitting wasn't
her first choice of a job.
I'm sorry. but 17-year-olds
can't donate eggs.
That's fucking retarded.
She liked the
kid she babysat for.
But what she loved
the most was...
♪ I'm gonna love you
like nobody's loved you ♪
♪ Come rain or come shine ♪
♪ I guess when you met me ♪
♪ It was just one
of those things ♪
I'm gonna love you ♪
♪ I'm gonna love you ♪
♪ I'm gonna love you
come rain or come shine ♪
♪ High as a mountain
and deep as a river ♪
♪ Come rain or come shine ♪
♪ I'm gonna love you
I'm gonna love you ♪
♪ I'm gonna love you ♪
Fuck.
Maddy?
- Hey.
- Hi.
- How was your night?
Whew...
it was fun. uh...
it's nice to be drunk.
Maddy?
- Can you come here for a second?
- Sure.
Hey... can you help
me with this zipper?
- I don't know where my husband is.
- Oh. yeah. of course.
Thanks.
Thank you for being so sweet.
That's all.
- Good night.
I feel like I would
look so sexy pregnant.
Maddy. please do
not get pregnant.
I wouldn't wear any of
those nasty maternity clothes.
I would just be
me... plus pregnant.
Remember when I got pregnant?
Yes. and it would
be nothing like that.
Well. speakin' of baby daddies.
I've seen the photo that
Ethan posted of the two of you.
It's cute as fuck.
Yeah. Kat. stop flaunting
your healthy. non-abusive.
wonderful relationship.
It's actually triggering.
Yeah. he's. um...
He's really sweet.
And he was really sweet.
I just have to go to the
bathroom real quick. okay?
Okay.
♪ There ain't no
right or wrong way ♪
♪ Just a play from the heart ♪
♪ It ain't a sign
of weakness. girl ♪
♪ To give yourself away ♪
♪ Because the strong
give up and move on ♪
Ethan?
Ahh.
He was the love of my life.
No. no. not totally.
Come on.
What are you doing?
Okay.
Ah.
Wait. you're telling me
Ethan tore your clothes off
and fucked the shit out of you?
Yeah... it's great.
- Wow.
- Go Ethan!
Bye.
Nate was released from
the hospital a few days earlier.
I have a hard time believing
you don't know
who did this to you.
- Dad. just leave it alone.
- Well. I'm not going to.
Yeah. well. you should.
It's one thing
to dislike your parents.
It's not like you have a choice.
But if you dislike your kid...
well. that's sort of your fault.
I just have a hard time
believing it was unprovoked.
He's our son.
I know... I know.
I'm just sayin'.
I just wanna kill myself.
As soon as Nate had
been released from the hospital...
he wished he was
back in the hospital.
Just take a deep breath.
Nate. I'm legit going
crazy right now.
You can't do this to me.
- Lex?
- What?
What's going on
with your sister?
I think she's having
a nervous breakdown.
About what?
I don't know.
Being single or something.
No...
those aren't the emotions
of a single person.
The only way Nate was
able to calm Cassie down enough
to stop crying
was to tell her...
I promise we can meet
in person next weekend.
But then he said something
that totally freaked her out.
If Maddy
finds out. she's gonna spend
the rest of her life
trying to kill me.
I know.
But she'll actually kill you.
Fucking racist.
Ahh!
Sorry. I didn't hear you. bitch. What?!
- Hey. Cass.
- Hey. Jules.
Now. at the time.
I didn't know how much
the Elliot thing upset Jules.
But I never thought that
Jules was like clingy or jealous.
so I didn't think
it'd be a big deal.
- It is a big deal.
- Why?
The fact that you're even
asking me to explain it to you
- is kind of an even bigger deal.
- Oh. I don't understand
how such a small fucking thing
has become such
a big fucking thing.
- 'Cause it hurt my feelings.
- Why?
'Cause I can tell you
have a crush on him.
I do not have a
fucking crush on him.
Then why else would
you forget meeting him?
- Like. "Oh. that's right. New Year's."
- Jules. it's not like that.
- "Silly me."
- It's not like that.
Well. I hope not.
That would really suck.
- I'm sorry.
- Um. I gotta be home in 15 minutes.
or else I'm gonna get
grounded for another two weeks.
I'll see ya later. Rue.
- I get you in trouble?
- Yeah. kinda.
I feel like we should do drugs.
♪ Hey. y'all know what's up ♪
Why don't you
have a seat. Cassie?
Mr. Jacobs believes you
know who assaulted his son.
Meanwhile...
Fezco had a new house guest.
Ashtray was so pissed off
he couldn't even speak to Fez.
- Good morning!
- Morning.
Fezco couldn't
understand the whole story.
But apparently Faye had pushed
the motel manager
off the balcony.
The fucking cops
are looking for Faye.
What the fuck!
I. I didn't do anything.
Unfortunately.
Custer wouldn't leave her.
I know. dude. but
she's the love of my life.
And the last thing Fezco needed
was the cops finding
Faye with Custer.
Get in the fucking vent.
Ow.
I know you're
in there. Open up!
Oh my god. Get in the fucking vent!
I love you.
Custer told
Fez he could find her
behind the dumpster
of the new Taco Bell.
Don't look at me like that.
The only reason
that I went so crazy
is because the motel manager
kept saying such mean things.
I honestly don't give a fuck.
So Faye came to live with Fez.
Yo. don't touch nothin'.
- Don't talk to Ash.
- Okay.
And don't go in my
fuckin' room. all right?
I promise.
- Want some of my sandwich?
- Okay.
Cassie. I asked you a question.
She didn't see anything.
I'm not asking
you. I'm asking her.
I already told Mrs. Jacobs
I didn't see anything.
I know. We just
don't believe you.
I'm telling the truth.
Look. Cassie. I'm
more than happy to get
the Chief of Police. Bill
Greenwood. involved.
Old family friend.
Maybe he should have
this conversation with you.
With everyone.
in fact. You know?
Get everyone's cell phones.
Text histories.
Find out what exactly happened.
Should we do that instead?
Now. what scared
the shit out of Cassie...
was last night she texted Nate.
Hello?
Don't
ever put that in writing again.
I'm sorry.
Don't look at her. Look at me.
- Why would you say that?
- What?!
- What was I supposed to do?
- Not say anything.
You heard him! He was
going to call the police!
No. he wasn't. He was bluffing.
and you fell for it 'cause
you're a fucking idiot!
- Why do you even care?!
- Because you just ruined someone's life!
Fezco almost killed Nate!
That was his decision.
Lexi had thought
about that night a lot.
How could Fezco be so kind to
her. and so violent towards Nate?
She couldn't remember the last
time someone her age asked her
so many questions about herself.
He actually cared about
what she had to say.
And then. 10 minutes later...
almost beat Nate
Jacobs to death.
And even if Nate deserved
it. it was a horrible thing to do.
It made her think
about her entire life.
How she's always
been so passive.
How she never had the
courage to say anything.
And even the time when she did
get the courage to say something?
Rue. you really
need to get help.
What. are you gonna tell
my mom or something?
Yeah. if you don't stop.
Okay.
She backed down.
Hon...
I don't wanna scare you...
but somethin' happened to Rue.
She's okay. She's okay.
But I think she overdosed.
Oh...
Come here. Come here.
It's my fault.
She hated
herself for being so weak
and passive and afraid.
So. a couple of days
after Cal came over.
she decided to say something.
♪ Yeah. do you think it's
cute that I'm so fucking stupid ♪
♪ Tired of bein' useless ♪
♪ I've been up for three days ♪
♪ Everything is haunted.
everybody's evil ♪
♪ And there's bugs
inside the carpet ♪
♪ Do you think I'm frightening ♪
♪ Organ chords and
lightning. if I show my fangs ♪
♪ Will you tell me
that they're cool ♪
♪ Mirrors shatter
when I'm passing ♪
♪ Broken glass and crashing ♪
♪ Little blurry stars
scattered all across my room ♪
Now. I didn't know any of this
'cause I was with Elliot
smokin' a little bit of weed.
Jules invited me over
to her house for dinner.
I guess like to apologize.
but I had NA that night
so I went to Elliot's for a bit.
♪ Long as I've got your love ♪
♪ You know that
I'll never leave ♪
♪ When I wanted
you to share my life ♪
♪ I had no doubt in my mind ♪
♪ And it's been you. woman ♪
♪ Right down the line ♪
♪ I just wanna say
this is my way ♪
♪ Of tellin' you everything ♪
♪ I could never say before ♪
Should I just put dinner
in the oven till Rue gets here?
Uh. no. she's not coming.
She has a meeting.
You sure she's a good influence?
She's part of the reason you
decided to get on that train.
Yeah. but she's not the
one who got on the train.
It still doesn't
answer my question.
You know what I feel like
nobody in my life understands?
Is that like drugs are honestly
the only way I can be myself.
Yeah. I. I don't
think that's true.
Nah. it is true.
Like when I first met you.
I would've never had
the balls to just. like.
- come up to you and talk to you.
- Why?
I don't know. I'm just
like a deeply shy person.
And like with
Jules. right? Like...
when I first met
her. I was just...
immediately in love.
- In love?
- Yeah.
When you say it out loud
it kind of sounds small.
What's a bigger
feeling than love?
Loss.
You think?
Yeah. I think so.
Yeah.
I don't know. Maybe
that's what it was. right?
Like...
as soon as I saw her. I was
just immediately afraid to lose her.
Who have you lost?
Uh. my dad.
- Meaning?
- Meaning he's dead.
Shit. I'm sorry.
It's fine. You
didn't. like. kill him.
How was he killed?
Oh. he wasn't.
Are you fucking with me right now?
Uh. no. it was. it was cancer.
Shit.
Yeah.
- How old were you?
- I was 14.
- So recently.
- Not really.
I feel like
that's kind of recent.
I don't know. I guess.
Honestly it feels like
fuckin' forever ago.
Is that why you
started doing drugs?
That's
funny. That's what. uh...
That's what everybody
asks in rehab.
- What do you mean?
- Uh. just that. you know. like.
I wish it was that
simple. you know. like...
"Well. my dad died. so
I started doing drugs."
- Yeah.
I feel like everyone's
looking for like a...
cause and effect.
Sometimes shit's
just like is what it is.
Yeah. exactly.
I don't know.
To be honest. if my
dad was still here.
I'd probably still
be doin' this shit.
How does Jules not know
that you're doing drugs?
Ugh. 'cause I'm good at my job.
Do you think it's a good
thing that we're friends?
Yeah. why?
I just feel like...
we might not bring out
the best in each other.
I feel like I'm okay with that.
I love you.
- I love you.
- I love you more.
I love you more than more.
My god. no.
Ethan made plans with
Kat to go bowling that night.
Kat was depressed because
she couldn't figure out why
she didn't love Ethan.
So she decided to make
a list of pros and cons.
But she couldn't
think of anything.
which made her realize
Ethan might not be the problem.
Mmm.
Rue Kat hated herself.
But the problem with hating
yourself is you can't really talk about it.
Because at some point recently.
the whole world
joined a self-help cult
and won't shut
the fuck up about it.
It's not gonna solve
all your life problems.
but it is gonna solve...
Kat.
You're one of the bravest.
most beautiful human beings
I have ever seen.
- That's not true.
- Yes. it is.
I wish I had your confidence.
But I don't. like...
feel healthy.
Yes. you are.
No. like... seriously. I'm not.
Kat. you just have
to love yourself.
But that's what
I'm trying to tell you!
I fucking hate myself!
Every day you get out of bed...
It's an act of courage.
That's easy for you to say.
You don't have like
fucking mental problems.
Yes. I do. Why do you
think I look like this?
Are you kidding?
I wish my mental problems
made me look like you.
- Trust me. you don't.
- Trust me. I do!
You're like the most beautiful
person I've ever fucking seen.
Maybe by a white. cis-male.
heteronormative standard.
Oh my god. Are
you fucking joking?!
Kat! Are you
fucking serious?!
That's not you fucking
talking! It's the patriarchy!
It is me talking!
You are not listening!
No! Society puts
things into your mind!
I don't care about
society! I feel like shit!
Kat. you need to smash
all beauty standards.
But I can't even get out of bed!
You have to love yourself.
You need to find your
inner fuckin' warrior!
- Become a bad bitch.
- Just like you did last year.
- But that wasn't even real.
- It looked real.
- That was the point!
- I found it inspiring.
- Shut the fuck up!
- Love yourself! Love yourself!
Love yourself! Love yourself!
Leave me
alone! Get the fuck out!
Fuck.
Hey.
Uh. nothing just...
depressed in the bath.
Bowling?
♪ Yes. I care if she
brings me spring ♪
♪ But don't care about nothing ♪
What the fuck?
♪ She brings the rain ♪
♪ Oh yeah. she brings the rain ♪
♪ In the dawn of
the silvery day ♪
♪ Clouds seem to melt away ♪
♪ She brings the rain ♪
♪ Oh yeah. she brings the rain ♪
♪ She brings the rain.
it feels like spring ♪
Yo. this is Nate. I'm busy.
Leave a message at the beep.
♪ She brings the rain ♪
♪ Oh yeah. she brings the rain ♪
♪ She brings the rain.
it feels like spring ♪
♪ Magic mushrooms
out of things ♪
♪ She brings the rain.
it feels like spring ♪
♪ She brings the rain ♪
Look who the cat dragged in.
Yeah. yeah.
I see you're
still on your suicide mission.
Let go. Let God.
Where are we goin'?
What are you thinking about?
We're almost there.
I've never been
over here before.
So... you wanna tell me who
that girl was you just had over.
What? No. She's a friend.
I can count on my hand how many
friends you done had over here.
Well. she's one of 'em.
- Mm-hm.
Look. Cass. um...
I really like you.
How I wish that things
could be different.
I just think what happened
between us was a mistake.
and we never should
have did what we did.
Yeah. but...
It was my fault.
I shouldn't have. uh...
It was my fault. too.
I just thought... I ju... I just
didn't think that I'd get so. um...
It doesn't matter.
It is what it is.
We can't see each other.
And we can never.
ever speak about this.
I'm so sorry. I'm...
I'm so fuckin' sorry.
Cassie!
Cass!
- Lexi Howard.
- Hi.
- How you doin'?
- I'm good. um...
- Hi. I'm Faye.
- I'm Lexi. um...
Are. are you guys...
Yeah. no. she's
just stayin' with me for a bit.
but. but she's cool. though.
What brings you out here anyway?
Oh. I just came
to get a. a drink.
Okay. well. we
got plenty of those.
Um... do you need
help finding anything?
No. I'm okay.
Oh. uh. that's the malt liquor.
Yeah. I know.
Cassie!
Cass!
You don't know
how much power you have.
Fuck.
How are you ever gonna
look Maddy in the eye again?
Feel sorry I didn't get to
say goodbye on New Year's.
Good evening.
What's up. man?
You got any spearmint gum?
I don't know. man.
The gum's right here.
This your store?
It's a family business.
Do your parents own it?
You usually ask this
many questions. man?
Just you.
She tell you who I am?
- Nah. man.
- Are you a cop?
No.
Just a concerned father.
You know what's
kind of depressing?
- What?
- I'll never find that kind of love.
What do you mean?
There's just no
darkness. It's just sweet.
Yeah.
I don't know if that would
ever be enough for me.
I don't know... I mean.
I guess some people are
just kinda built different.
Yeah.
Guess so.
It works if you work it.
How 'bout you let me
give you a ride home?
Um. I'm okay. I
got my. uh. my bike.
Yeah. yeah. I'm not sure you should
be behind the handlebars right now.
- Yo. you ever listen to Thelonious Monk?
- No.
What?
Greatest jazz
pianist who ever lived.
Supposedly. he had huge hands.
He would play like this.
and then he would
roll his hands over.
hit the keys...
- All right.
- Okay. what are you doing?
I'm gonna introduce
myself to your mother.
- What are you talkin' about?
- Rue. if my daughter was gettin' rides home from NA
by a 54-year-old crackhead.
and he didn't come to the door
to look me in the eye
and shake my hand...
I'd think somethin' was afoot.
O-Okay. but you can't. like.
go in there and start...
- talkin' and stuff. you know?
- Oh shit.
You scared I'mma tell your
mama you're still doin' drugs. huh?
Oh. the anxiety you must have.
Mom?
Five minutes. Okay?
What is she gonna
do for five minutes?
I don't even wanna know!
I think I'm gonna get
back together with Nate.
It's a mistake. right?
- Don't do it.
- I don't know if I can help it.
I wish you could see yourself
the way the rest of the world does.
I got two daughters
myself. so I know it can't be easy.
I've got a lot of
respect for you.
Well. I'm just doin' what I can.
Do you want somethin'
to drink or eat?
Do you want to sit down?
Nah. nah. nah. I was just
comin' to introduce myself.
I'm sponsorin' the
little troublemaker.
But she's doin' well. right?
I can't tell if that's a
statement... or a question.
Well. she's got
a long way to go.
But so did I at her age.
Oh. well.
- Thank you for having me by.
- Oh. of course.
- All right. You have a lovely night.
- You too.
Good night.
He's handsome.
Oh...
I'm sorry.
I fell.
Come on. kid. Let's
get you to the bed.
Is it true you killed Mouse?
Go to sleep.
You want to tell me why some
punk drug dealer beat you up?
- You sure you want to have this conversation?
- Yeah. Nate. I do.
Okay.
I don't think you
want Mom to hear.
You remember that classmate
of mine that you fucked? Jules?
All right. so she
told her best friend...
who told her drug dealer.
And now they keep threatening
to go down to the police station.
- and say that you like to fuck little kids.
- Fuck.
So maybe I was
stickin' up for you.
- I want to apologize...
- I don't need your apologies.
I need you to understand...
I didn't know she
went to your school.
- I didn't know how old she was.
- Mm-hm.
Well. what she didn't know
is that you were filming her.
Do you have it?
Nate?
♪ Yeh I fuckin' did it
Yeh I fuckin' said it ♪
♪ Yeh I meant it
Yeh I'm here to kill it ♪
♪ Came here for the
money Yeh there's plenty ♪
♪ Poppin' like we're corn
Yeh the pot is cookin' ♪
♪ We so hungry I
could eat a horse ♪
♪ Tell that bitch I'll ride
her like a stally ♪
♪ And we're coming
for that bread ♪
♪ You can do the tally ♪
♪ Yeh. I look like
Sammy Davis Jr. ♪
♪ But I'm still the
Frankie ♪
♪ Keep them cameras rolling
When I roll up in the lamy ♪
♪ Cos' I fuckin' did it
Yeh I fuckin' said it ♪
♪ Understand me ♪
♪ Watch me sling a couple
shots with that 40 magy ♪
♪ Tell them fuckin'
cowboys it's a hootnanny ♪
♪ Baby they'll be singing from
New York to the West of Cali ♪
♪ Cos' I fuckin' did it
Yeh I fuckin' said it ♪
♪ Understand me High
on that money flow ♪
♪ Ride like that Calito
Fly in that Taxido ♪
♪ Find me in Monaco
High on that Mexico ♪
♪ Cuban and Henny go
Ape when my shit evolved ♪
♪ Cake getting had and gulped ♪
♪ Praise the lord ♪
♪ Cos' I fuckin' did it
Yeh I fuckin' said it ♪
♪ Understand me ♪
♪ Yeh I fuckin' said it
Understand me ♪
♪ Understand me ♪
♪ Understand me
Cos' I fuckin' did it ♪
♪ Yeh I fuckin' said it
Understand me ♪
♪ Cos' I fuckin' did it
Yeh I fuckin' said it ♪
♪ Understand me ♪
>>>>oakislandtk
www.opensubtitles.org
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org